[cp-caps] use unittest to refactor the cp-caps test (#11213)
openthread/openthread: tools/cp-caps/README.md

$ cd ot-nrf528xx/
$ git submodule update --init
$ ./script/bootstrap
$ ./script/build nrf52840 UART_trans -DOT_DIAGNOSTIC=ON -DOT_CSL_RECEIVER=ON -DOT_LINK_METRICS_INITIATOR=ON -DOT_LINK_METRICS_SUBJECT=ON -DOT_WAKEUP_COORDINATOR=ON
$ arm-none-eabi-objcopy -O ihex build/bin/ot-cli-ftd ot-cli-ftd.hex
$ nrfjprog -f nrf52 --chiperase --program ot-cli-ftd.hex --reset
```

## Test Commands

### Help Info

```bash

> uasge: [device configurations] python3 -m unittest -q [test cases]

Reviewer: ```suggestion
usage: [device configurations] python3 -m unittest -q [test cases]
```

  REF_CLI_SERIAL=<serial_device> Connect to the reference device via cli serial port
  REF_SSH=<device_ip>            Connect to the reference device via ssh

Test cases:
  test_csl                 test whether the RCP supports CSL transmitter
  test_data_poll           test whether the RCP supports data poll
  test_diag_commands       test whether the RCP supports all diag commands
  test_frame_formats       test whether the RCP supports 802.15.4 frames of all formats
  test_link_metrics        test whether the RCP supports link metrics
  test_radio_frame_tx_info test mTxInfo field of the radio frame
  test_throughput          test Thread network 1-hop throughput

Examples:

Run test cases of the specified categories:
  DUT_ADB_USB=1169UC2F2T0M95OR REF_CLI_SERIAL=/dev/ttyACM0 python3 -m unittest -q test_csl test_data_poll

Run all test cases:
  DUT_ADB_USB=1169UC2F2T0M95OR REF_CLI_SERIAL=/dev/ttyACM0 python3 -m unittest discover -q -s ./ -p 'test_*.py'

Run specified test case:
  DUT_ADB_USB=1169UC2F2T0M95OR REF_CLI_SERIAL=/dev/ttyACM0 python3 -m unittest -q test_diag_commands.TestDiagCommands.test_diag_channel

These commands should be run in the path `tools/cp-caps`.
```

> > Note: If you meet the error `LIBUSB_ERROR_BUSY` when you are using the ADB USB interface, please run the command `adb kill-server` to kill the ADB server.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
> Note: If you get an error of `LIBUSB_ERROR_BUSY` when you are using the ADB USB interface, please run the command `adb kill-server` to kill the ADB server.
```

```bash
$ python3 ./tools/cp-caps/rcp_caps_test.py -h

> usage: rcp_caps_test.py [-h] [-v] [-D] [--test-all] [--test-csl] [--test-data-poll] [--test-diag-commands] [--test-frame-formats] [--test-link-metrics] [--test-tx-info] [--test-throughput]

Reviewer 3: Is it considered to split test suites into separate files, so that we can filter them by `-p`?

https://docs.python.org/3/library/unittest.html#cmdoption-unittest-discover-p

Reviewer 4: I think using `-k` option should be good enough?

https://docs.python.org/3/library/unittest.html#cmdoption-unittest-k

Author: I have updated the code to directly use the unittest methods to run all test cases. Both options `-p` and `-k` are supported.
